# Usman-Qidwai-FlatironSchool-Project-1
// My app is going to be about naruto and how you can make a naruto api in which you can access some naruto characters using API. The way the code works is that you would see a search bar and you would type the characters name and their information would come up, about the person. The reason why I choose to do this project on this particlular anime, is because Naruto has a very close place in my heart, I felt like I can resonate with naruto and I be like him, his story was very inspiring and motivating to me, seeing how he would never give up, how he would also perservere through obsticles and challenges. Inspired me to do this project. The story of naruto is about how this boy had a demon inside of him. How he wanted to be accepted by his perrs and everyone in his village. But due to the fact that he had a demon inside of him people often neglected him, and treated him like a burden, he also wasn't the smartest student, and he struggled a lot in his life. But because of his never give up attitude he  kept going, And one teacher believed in him and becuase of that one teacher, he became a great ninja. He graduated from his academy, and became a ninja. After that he formed a team with two people  Sasuke Uchiha, and Sakura Haruno and their squad leader was Kakashi Hatake. Naruto was always jealous of Sasuke because he was so much better than him. Sasuke on the other hand though of Naruto and Sakura as a distraction from his ultimate goal which was to avenge his clan by killing his older brother. Sakura loved Sasuke and in her eyes he was the most amazing guy and he could do no wrong, even though Sasuke doesn't even care about her. As time goes on this team started doing missions and they were becoming better temamates and they were becoming freinds. Naruto and Sasuke started to understand each other.But unfortunately, Sauke was dead set on getting revenge, So he went to this guy Orochimaru to obtain power. Naruto and some of his friends went to stop Sasuke
and save him. Naruto tries to get him back but he is un able to, so Sasuke goes to Orochimaru to obtain power and he kills him and takes his power. After all the power he had acuumilated he went to confront his brother  Itachi and Kill him. Sasuke does
kill his brother but he found out that the reason why his brother did what he did was 
because the village the Hidden leaf Village, the village he and Itachi belonged to made him do it. Upon learning about this Sasuke sets his sight on destroying the 
village. Naruto also learns about Itachis past, and tries to stop Sasuke. Sauke nows
has joined the Akatsuki the organization that his brother was affliated with, And the leader decalres war on the world. Sauke and Naruto particpate in the war but during the war Sasuke leans additional information about his brother and the night he killed his parents. After learning the entire truth Sasuke changed his mind and decides to
protect the village and become the hokage (leader). But that is also Narutos dream
So they both help stop the war. After the war Naruto and Sasuke fight for the title
of Hokage. It was a very intense battle between the two and after the battle Sasuke
finally acknowledged Naruto, and they bacame friends again, and Naruto fulfilled
his dream of becoming the Hokage.



